misc/data.md, before:

SEARCH BY: name, code, genre
Filter by: category, age range, 

EMAIL NOTIFICATIONS
AWS Image uploads
Staging & Prod server with CI/CD

BOOKS: 
Title
ImageUrl*
Code*
Description 
> Category: children
> Genre: fantasy
> Discount Id
> AgeRange
AmountInStock (default: 1, min: 0)
[createdAt]
[updatedAt]
Cover type: paper back, hard back
Price
[discountPrice]

LOCATIONS:
Name
Description
Delivery Price
[createdAt]
[updatedAt]

PURCHASE: (address must exist on user)
BookIds (relation)
UserId (relation)
CouponCode (nullable, not relation)
Location (nullable, location name, not relation)
[Books Price]
[Delivery Price]
[Total Price]
[isPaid]
[isEmailSentToAdmin]
[Notes]
[createdAt]
[updatedAt]

USER
FirstName, LastName
Address
Company Name (optional)
Country
Town
State
Phone
Password
> Email
[IsAdmin]

DISCOUNT
Book Ids
Name
couponCode?
Type (fixed/percentage)
Value
StartDate
EndDate
[Active]


ENDPOINTS
/Books
  / [Post]+ [DONE]
  / [Put]+ [DONE]
  / [Get]- [DONE]
  / [Delete]+
/Locations
  / [Get]- [DONE]
  / [Post]+ [DONE]
  / [Delete]+ [DONE]
  / [PUT]+ [DONE]
/Discounts
  / [Get]+ [DONE]
  / [Post]+ [DONE]
  / [Delete]+ [DONE]
  / [PUT]+ [DONE]
/Users
  / [Get] [DONE]
  / [PUT] [DONE]
  /Login [DONE]
  /Register [DONE]
  /begin-change-password [DONE]
  /finish-change-password [DONE]
/Purchase
  / calculate-price 
  / confirm-purchase
  / [GET]+
/Webhooks
  /Confirm-purchase -
 

what happens when user selects a book that's on sale for purchase, and then they provide a coupon code that's also on sale?
consider how book deletion should work, and how it affects purchases. Maybe dont allow book deletion at all.
occasionally run cron job to:
  - check for ending discounts and deactivate them, and update book prices
  - check for starting discounts and activate them, and update book prices

___
LOCAL CREDENTIALS:
- admin:
  - data: test2@gmail.com password
- user:
  - data: alphadream75@gmail.com 12345678Ab
  - data: johnSnow@gmail.com aegonTheConqueror
___
STAGING CREDENTIALS:
- user:
  - data: alphadream75@gmail.com 12345678Ab
  - data: johnDoe@user.com aegonTheConqueror1

Commit message:

add bg-jobs, purchase calculation endpoint

misc/data.md, after:

SEARCH BY: name, code, genre
Filter by: category, age range, 

EMAIL NOTIFICATIONS
AWS Image uploads
Staging & Prod server with CI/CD

BOOKS: 
Title
ImageUrl*
Code*
Description 
> Category: children
> Genre: fantasy
> Discount Id
> AgeRange
AmountInStock (default: 1, min: 0)
[createdAt]
[updatedAt]
Cover type: paper back, hard back
Price
[discountPrice]

LOCATIONS:
Name
Description
Delivery Price
[createdAt]
[updatedAt]

PURCHASE: (address must exist on user)
BookIds (relation)
UserId (relation)
CouponCode (nullable, not relation)
Location (nullable, location name, not relation)
[Books Price]
[Delivery Price]
[Total Price]
[isPaid]
[isEmailSentToAdmin]
[Notes]
[createdAt]
[updatedAt]

USER
FirstName, LastName
Address
Company Name (optional)
Country
Town
State
Phone
Password
> Email
[IsAdmin]

DISCOUNT
Book Ids
Name
couponCode?
Type (fixed/percentage)
Value
StartDate
EndDate
[Active]


ENDPOINTS
/Books
  / [Post]+ [DONE]
  / [Put]+ [DONE]
  / [Get]- [DONE]
  / [Delete]+
/Locations
  / [Get]- [DONE]
  / [Post]+ [DONE]
  / [Delete]+ [DONE]
  / [PUT]+ [DONE]
/Discounts
  / [Get]+ [DONE]
  / [Post]+ [DONE]
  / [Delete]+ [DONE]
  / [PUT]+ [DONE]
/Users
  / [Get] [DONE]
  / [PUT] [DONE]
  /Login [DONE]
  /Register [DONE]
  /begin-change-password [DONE]
  /finish-change-password [DONE]
/Purchase
  / calculate-price 
  / confirm-purchase
  / [GET]+
/Webhooks
  /Confirm-purchase -
 

what happens when user selects a book that's on sale for purchase, and then they provide a coupon code that's also on sale?
consider how book deletion should work, and how it affects purchases. Maybe dont allow book deletion at all.
occasionally run cron job to:
  - check for ending discounts and deactivate them, and update book prices
  - check for starting discounts and activate them, and update book prices

if is coupon with code, then only apply when coupon code is provided
if is coupon without code, then apply to all purchases that match couponType and couponMinValue
if is general discount, then apply to any books in any purchase, where the book has the the discountId
if is free shipping, then dont apply delivery price to purchase
if is gift, ensure to add gift name to purchase email

___
LOCAL CREDENTIALS:
- admin:
  - data: test2@gmail.com password
- user:
  - data: alphadream75@gmail.com 12345678Ab
  - data: johnSnow@gmail.com aegonTheConqueror
___
STAGING CREDENTIALS:
- user:
  - data: alphadream75@gmail.com 12345678Ab
  - data: johnDoe@user.com aegonTheConqueror1
